Some changes (#16)
AvianGeneticist/Zoura-s-Outfits-Expanded: data/human/pirate weapons.txt

		"hull damage" 4390
		"hit force" 1100
		"missile strength" 41

> 	description "This is a low-powered pneumatic launcher that sends six-ton reactor rods out into space. The projectile then launched moves slowly and has no sort of homing or proximity detonation, but if it hits its target, the resultant explosion can cripple an entire fleet of small warships."

Reviewer: "The projectile then launched" is less grammatically correct than what it's replacing. Pass.

Author: Otherwise you have duplicate "resultant". I agree that this way is bad. Are there alternatives?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "This is a low-powered pneumatic launcher that sends six-ton reactor rods out into space. The resulting projectile moves slowly and has no sort of homing or proximity detonation, but if it hits its target, the subsequent explosion can cripple an entire fleet of small warships."
```
